parents are furious after they say their
children's lives were put in danger by a
school bus driver the student spoke
exclusively with abc15 steve kuzj about
being locked on the bus with no air
conditioning and the windows rolled up
you can see it in her face she was
bright pink in perspiration was dropping
off of her
Heather McGraw and Victoria call will
say they were forced into a horrible
punishment riding home from school today
on a school bus meant to transport them
safely the girls and about 40 other
students from Thomas HEC middle school
in Litchfield Park say they had to
endure her brutally hot temperatures
locked up inside the bus the girls tell
me it happened after the bus went over a
bump here and the kids screamed she
immediately pulled over onto the side of
the road um probably about round here
actually and she said this is what
happens when you scream you knew I was
going to hit that bump it your lives
were not in danger and this is what
happens I pull over to the side of the
road I turn off the air conditioning and
you sit here for ten minutes it was more
than a hundred degrees outside the girls
say the driver even made sure those
windows stayed closed you could see like
little sweat on like the seats because
people were sweating so much it was just
staying on the feet it felt like you
were emerged in just Heather and
Victoria's parents contacted us at ABC
15 outraged a bus driver would do
something they consider torture and on a
small road with other drivers having to
slow down and go around the bus in the
oncoming traffic lane she endangered
other people and besides the children
that were on that bus it was insane
thinking you need to learn how to have
self control and you need to learn how
to deal with loud kids because that
comes with being a middle school bus
driver tonight Maricopa County sheriff's
officers are investigating this case to
see if any crimes were committed against
these girls and the other students now
the parents of Heather and Victoria told
me that Thomas HEC middle school
officials are looking into this as well
they're checking security video on that
bus Chris to see what really happened
and they did occur the parents that this
bus driver would be switched to a
different route by Monday Chris we also
did contact the Sheriff's Office and the
school district to get their side of it
but we did not hear back from Thomas
Technical Schools School District in
Litchfield Park in the newsroom Steve
Jewish ABC 15 News